Hello everybody and welcome back.
This is going to be a very quick lecture hopefully some of you guys are giving me some feedback and
I think it is wonderful so I'm gonna show you an alternative way now of importing reference material
as well very similar to what we were doing before.
However we can actually specify the size and we can tweak some of the settings as well.
So let's go ahead and do that without default cube in front of us.
We can just delete that and get it out of the way we can then go in and I'm not going to orientate my
view just yet because I'll show you we can just change things later on as well.
I'm going to go to add something in a shift and A and we're gonna add in this reference material.
Let's go and find our pin.
Go to my bookmarks that I've already got here or recent.
Remember this is this side bit here.
It's very tricky sometimes it gets in the way and you can pull it down and suddenly everything's back.
Err I need my pin reference.
If you're unsure of course you can click the thumbnails option at the very top here we can see everything
is going on as you can see this is Michael from the future.
This is what we're going towards.
Brilliant isn't it.
Okay so let's open up the pin reference so we get it in the screen here.
And if we scroll down these tabs on the left here and go to the one that looks like a picture that's
the object data properties that image there does change if you're working with a mesh objects it's different
from if you're working with the camera or if you're working with a lamp etc..
So is currently an image and we get lots of options here.
So we can actually specify the size to be point three eight if we wanted it to and it's suddenly gone
a lot lot smaller.
There we go.
So if we wanted that size we could pop it in there.
I can scroll down here and I can turn on use Alpha and then you can see through the image as well.
And the other really cool thing here is you can change whether it's shown only in orthoraphic or
in orthographic and perspective or only in perspective.
So what we can do here is we can align this image with our view first of all.
So if we go ahead and open up the properties sidebar here and then go to the rotation settings I'm going
to zero them all out because I'm not sure which way we need to rotate is is going to be 90 degrees on
the X axis and then we can have a look at it from the front when we look at it from the front we can
just change this option here.
Display in perspective.
So now when we move out of this it will disappear but it will be there whenever we're looking at it
in front orthographic because because that is the way that it is facing.
So there are a couple of options there very quick lecture I know but just just go in and at this.
So it's the appropriate size and you can see here because I've added in point three eight.
The question is there of course what size is that referring to.
Well okay.
And the size thing we can just check for real if it's the right size at point three eight I think this
needs to be one point nine nought point one nine.
My mistake.
There we go.
That should sit exactly on the floor.
Then we can go ahead and add in our reference cube again and set its dimensions two points three eight
on base height and left it up to point one nine.
I believe the dimensions here I think we said Point 1 2 12 12 centimetres in fact we can type twelve
centimetres remember you can do that.
And now I think you'll find that if we go into wireframe.
Yes.
Perfect.
So there you go.
There's another way of adjusting your reference material to the same size.
Now you'll find that both this and the one taught in the last lecture will be useful in different circumstances.
Hope you've enjoyed this quick tip on your reference material and I'll see you all in the next lecture.